Let's enter into evidence! I like prison as my example.

Prison, a social and governmental implemented cudgel to blunt political points from the populace or suppress enemies.

Place where truly deranged people are kept that would kill again given the chance, sap supply chains, merge with the network in an excavatory fashion.

My question is this: What percentage of those prisoners do you release to guarantee as few productive members of society are locked up as you can? 10%? By crime designation? Case by case? Any of these is prone to error and have their own issues.

We face the same peril with this choice, and the answer isn't simple. The reality is, the tighter you confine things, the more of it you lose. We learn this from Gamma. The relationship is inverse. We live not in a definite realm. The very nature of a gas is a physical manifestation of a probability field. Lightning travels a fractal to the ground, not a line. The most efficient path is a mixture. Say maybe letting prisoners go convicted of political crimes, 15-25% of nonviolent offender populations without prison issues and the rest case-by-case. 

It takes methods to access madness, and I believe the problem we see is no different.

Velcrid behavior at extremes is taking power by force, but in mild doses it is a joke. Participant 1 takes power, by declaring unknown information (knock-knock). Participant two submits to transactional information exchange (who's there?). Participant 1 gives power, declaring information, but depriving context (orange). Participant 2 requests context, giving power (orange who?). Participant 1 produces an expected bloom or radiant injection by declaring the missing context (orange you glad I didn't say banana?). 

This simple example gives us context for our query and makes it so that we can see the transactions incumbent on velcridance and radiance to make communication happen. the key is to realize velcridance or radiance has gone too far (someone gets their feelings hurt, the altruist is being parasitically drained) and correct.